
Bach Tran | LinkedIn
0 notifications total
Skip to search  Skip to main content   Close jump menu
0 suggestions found.
Search
Search
Primary Navigation
new new feed updates notifications
Home
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
48 48 new 48 new notifications. notifications
Notifications
 Me
Work
Try Premium Free for 1 Month
file:///feed/?doFeedRefresh=true&nis=true
file:///feed/
file:///mynetwork/
file:///jobs/
file:///messaging/
file:///notifications/
https://www.linkedin.com/premium/products?upsellOrderOrigin=premium_nav_upsell_text&destRedirectURL=https%253A%252F%252Fwww.linkedin.com%252Fin%252Fbach-tran-82235428%252F%253ForiginalSubdomain%253Dvn%2526showPremiumWelcomeBanner%253Dtrue
file:///pulse/how-tackle-overtourism-vietnam-bach-tran/
file:///pulse/how-tackle-overtourism-vietnam-bach-tran/
Status is offline
Connect
 Message
 More actions
 Share profile in a message Share Bach Tran’s profile via message
Message
 Save to PDF Save Bach Tran’s profile to PDF
 Follow Follow Bach Tran
 Report / Block Report or block Bach Tran’s profile
Bach Tran
3rd degree connection3rd
Discova Regional Manager Vietnam, China and Hong Kong
Vietnam
500+ connections
Contact info
 Discova
file:///in/bach-tran-82235428/detail/contact-info/
 Swinburne University of Technology
Featured
Featured
How to Tackle Overtourism in Vietnam
Bach Tran on LinkedIn
After a decade of booming tourism, Vietnam finds itself at a crossroads where it has to decide on how to deal with the
increasing side effects brought by exponential growth in the industry. This is a deep dive into overtourism in Vietnam and how
to manage the issue sustainably. Sprinting versus Marathon Running In the last decade, tourism in Vietnam has skyrocketed,
catapulting the country among the top destinations to visit in the region and making tourism a key player in the Southeast
Asian country’s economic development. In numbers this signifies a growth of more than 11 million foreign visitors (jumping
from four to 15 million) in only ten years. Equally, trips taken by domestic travellers have increased fourfold in that same
period, averaging around 80 million per year as stated in a 2019 World Bank report on Vietnam’s Tourism Development.
The changes are palpable. Over the last decade, Vietnam has been attracting millions of visitors from short-haul markets with
lower spending power. We’ve seen massive growth in boutique and international hotels whilst new highways and better
roads have helped cut down travelling time and make remote places more accessible. Weekend night markets have quickly
become popular attractions in key tourist cities and, with hotel and tourism jobs in high demand, there’s been a significant
increase of young people enrolling into English language and hospitality courses at universities. Generally speaking, I believe
that tourism has had many positive effects on Vietnam: job creation, poverty reduction, improved infrastructure as well as an
increased awareness of and investment in sustainable development, to name a few. But, as an avid runner, I’m aware of the
massive difference between sprinting and long-distance running. Despite the numerous beneficial developments tourism has
brought in such a short time, I feel like it’s time to rethink and, instead of focussing on maximising speed, start working on
techniques to stay in the game for the long run. The Flip Side If you try run a marathon at full speed, your energy levels will
be quickly used up; this same theory applies to tourism development. After a decade of sprinting ahead, it comes as no
surprise that Vietnam’s muscles become increasingly strained and its ligaments torn. In fact, in their recent report, World
Bank placed Vietnam at a tipping point “where continued growth, if not well managed, could have adverse economic,
environmental, and social impacts.” So, what injuries are we looking at? One of the more visible challenges of overtourism in
Vietnam is its toll on the environment. Coupled with poor waste management, many destinations in Vietnam are suffering
from air and land pollution, water shortage, deforestation and damage to wildlife. Case in point is the famous Ha Long Bay
where an excess of tourist boats – which receives 6 million visitors per year – has damaged its marine wildlife. Similarly, on
Phu Quoc Island, an increasingly popular beach destination, waste management infrastructure is not able to keep up with the
growing number of visitors and pollution is not an uncommon sight in some parts of the island. Equally, overtourism in
Vietnam can put some pressure on the local communities. Rising prices force people to leave; cultural heritage sites become
tourist attractions; historical buildings make way for new hotels; rural villages now fight with traffic congestion; once-curious
locals become less welcoming. Take Sapa in Northern Vietnam as an example. With new hotels, restaurants and shops
cropping up at a fast pace, the tourist hub slowly overshadows the harmonious ethnic minority cultures and communities. In
turn, all of this negatively affects the traveller’s experience. Overcrowded destinations, poor customer service and pollution
   78
9 comments
tarnish a holiday, contributing to low rate of repeat visits and deterring first-time visitors due to negative word-of-mouth.
Steps towards a More Sustainable Future Tourism is an important driver of Vietnam’s economy, so putting a stop to it or
even limiting it is not a solution. Rather, it’s about looking at the various symptoms and trying to find ways to manage them in
a more sustainable way, allowing for long-term growth. In general, Vietnamese people are very welcoming towards
foreigners, they love to interact and introduce travellers to our unique culture, and we want this exchange to continue and
prosper. One cause of overtourism in Vietnam is a lack of product and visitor source market diversity. What we as
destination management companies can do to balance this out is to help develop ‘secondary’ tourist attractions whilst
addressing a greater spectrum of travellers at the same time. However, to succeed all stakeholders need to pull on the same
end of the rope. Without authorities investing into necessary infrastructure it’s challenging to incorporate new destinations into
the portfolio. Another focus should be improving visitor flow management which could help entice travellers to travel off-
season or choose alternative destinations – an aspect where the backing of travel agents is crucial. A great example is Pu
Luong Nature Reserve, a stunning area in Northern Vietnam and a fantastic alternative to the nearby, increasingly touristy,
Mai Chau Valley. Outdoor adventurers find a variety of accommodation, ranging from basic homestays to boutique lodges,
and available activities include hiking, cycling and rafting. To manage the growing demand effectively requires a skilled local
tourism workforce. In the last few years, however, Vietnam’s number of qualified tourism professionals hasn’t been able to
keep up; authorities and tour operators can help alleviate this issue by providing training and internship opportunities to
tourism workers. As already highlighted, tourism brings plenty of positive development including ‘the multiplier effect’ which
indicates the indirect benefits of other sectors linked to tourism. In their report, World Bank revealed that “the multiplier
effect of tourism spending on the total economy, however, is lower in Vietnam compared to regional and global averages.”
To maximise the secondary effects on Vietnam’s economy and development, we need to strengthen the local value chain by,
for instance, partnering with local communities to create long-term projects. At Discova, our range of local life tours
encourage travellers to engage with the community, support local businesses and enjoy meaningful experiences with the local
culture and people. To make a lasting change, we need our authorities to strengthen, enforce and invest in policies that target
land use, building codes, waste management, as well as the protection of environmental and cultural heritage. Tour operators
and agents can work with suppliers who comply with strict regulations whilst travellers can make a difference by choosing
sustainable operators as well as incorporating green practices – refillable water bottles, public transport – into their travels.
When training for a marathon, runners need to commit, train regularly, increase incrementally, eat well, sleep enough and take
time to recharge their energy. With tourism development, it’s not so different. To ensure long-term growth and a healthy
future, a holistic and sustainable approach is necessary.
Loading…
	0 notifications total
	Primary Navigation
	Discova Regional Manager Vietnam, China and Hong Kong
	Featured
	Featured
