
Microsoft Word - HANH - RV - FN
1 
 
 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Working in a professional environment, which enable me to adapt and develop all my 
knowledge, experiences, skills related to supply chain management, purchasing and import-export 
section. 
Take responsibility of important position of the company to devote my effort to the growth of 
the company. 
EDUCATION & KNOWLEDGE 
 Good degree of Academy of Finance, Customs speciality. (08/2009-08/2013) 
 Certificate of  TOEIC test (800 points)  
 Certificate of Customs declaration issued by General department of Vietnam Customs 
 Experience in logistics field such as: Incoterms 2010, payment terms and VNACCS 
systems to clear Customs. 
EXPERIENCE RECORD 
1)        From 06/2017 - present : P.P Trading and Manufacturing JSC 
            Position                                         : Purchasing & Import Executive 
Key responsibilities: 
Purchasing: 
 Getting order from sales departments, checking price, negotiate the cost/ specification/ 
delivery schedule to find the best supplier (Product: Paper, pulp, stationery, old/ new 
machines in paper and printing fields…) 
 Checking and negotiating all contract article before submitting to Director. Opening 
LC/ make deposit and control delivery schedule. 
Import- Export/ Purchasing Specialist 
Working experience: over 7 years 
Address:  Doc Lap, La Phu, Hoai Duc, Hanoi 
DOB:   24/12/1991 
Gender:  Female 
Tel:   0943-662-346 
Email:  lehanh1911@gmail.com 
LÊ HỒNG HẠNH 
 
2 
 Preparing documents to make payment for supplier (L/C, T/T, D/P…), prepare 
documents to get bank guarantee. 
 Calculating the cargo cost and send to sales department. Working with supplier/ 
insurance company when having trouble. 
 Seeking new supplier from abroad/ domestic supplier. Seeking new kinds of cargo 
according to Sales department request, checking HS code and calculate the cost.  
 Managing and evaluating supplier. 
Import: 
 Make Import customs documents (Bill, Invoice, Packing list, Certificate of Origin…), 
open the Customs sheets on VNACCS systems to clear Import Customs, deliver the 
cargo to warehouse. 
 Preparing document for customs price consultations in Customs office, post clearance 
audit. 
 Checking import procedure for new kinds of cargo, getting import license. 
 Training new staff. Controlling import job of other staffs and find the solution when 
having arised Customs problem. 
 Doing other jobs: check the freight, trucking rate, forwarder’s debt, make weekly-
monthly report, storage all import documents for post clearance audit.… 
2)        From 03/2013 – 06/2017 : Alpha To Omega logistics Co., Ltd 
Position : Import- export staff  
Key responsibilities: 
Import: 
 Checking import documents from abroad agents/ customers (Bill, Invoice, Packing list, 
C/O…) and import procedure for both sea and air shipment. Getting import license for 
special cargo (garment, steel, machine…) 
 Checking HS code, import tax, ETA and doing Customs procedure on VNACCS 
systems to clear Import Customs (Electrical equipment, factory materials…) . Making 
plan to deliver the cargo to customer. 
 Receiving pre-alert from agent (Air and sea shipment) and sending arrival notice to 
customers. Releasing delivery order for Air import shipment. 
Export: 
 Checking vessel schedule/ air space and getting the booking after having customer’s 
confirmation. 
3 
 Making Bill of lading, Invoice, Packing list based on customer’s information or L/C. 
Checking HS code and clearing export Customs via VNACCS systems (agricultural 
products, electrical equipment…) 
 Arranging trucking to pick up the cargo from customer warehouse and deliver to 
Noibai airport/ Haiphong port before cut off time. 
 Making Certificate of Origin, Phytosanitary certificate (for agricultural products) and 
other docs, sending to consignee on behalf of Customer for import procedure. 
 Sending pre-alert to agent in Korea, China, Hongkong 
 Doing other jobs: check the freight ; make the quotation, the debit note ; make the 
Weekly report, Monthly report… 
3)        From 12/2012 to 02/2013 : Dragon logistics company, Haiphong branch 
Position : On-the-job trainee  
Key responsibilities: 
 Help Dragon’s employee to receive imports, exports documents from customers to 
make Customs declarations for some kinds of goods. (Documents include Bill of lading, 
Contract, Invoice, Packing list, Certificate of Origin…) 
 Help Dragon’s employee to receive Booking from customers, contact with shipping 
company to check the price, to receive Order to check closing time and receive empty 
container to make it full for exports, deliver full container to the place where shipping 
company showed on the documents to export. 
 Help Dragon’s employee to deal with shipping company to change Bill of lading to 
Order, to pay security for the container cover and make all activities to receive imports 
and deliver imports to customers. 
 Help Dragon’s employee to make all the procedures in order to receive goods from 
Haiphong port, Bonded  warehouse. 
 Help Dragon’s employee to make all the procedures in order to export the goods. 
SKILLS & PERSONALITY 
 Fluent written and spoken English and Vietnamese 
 Computer skills – MS Word, Excel, Power Point  
 Communication skills. Good presentation, reporting, time management skill 
 Negotiation & management supplier skill 
 Honest, good team work, hard-working, high responsibility, flexible to different situation 
 
 
