
Xem CV Online của doan thuy duong
DOAN THUY DUONG
Talent Acquisition/ Technical Researcher/
Recruiter/ Headhunt
 Dec 03 1988
 Female
 0938039203
 thuyduongdoan1203@gmail.co
m
 Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
 https://www.linkedin.com/in/du
ong-doan-303656122/
OBJECTIVE
 Looking for an opportunity to work
as Recruitment Consultant to utilize
my recruitment and hiring skills in
an established organization..
Coming with over 3 years Corporate
Recruitment experience within a
matrixed environments, sourcing
experiences and researching areas.
Focused on various recruiting
expertise: technical, developers,
Java, .NET, architects, project
managers, database administrators,
systems administrators, graphic
designer, sales, ...
SKILLS
Office Microsoft
Logical thinking and creative
Public Speaking
Time Management
(UEF) UNIVERSITY OF ECONOMICS AND FINANCE HCM 2008 - 2012
HARVEY NASH VIETNAM JUNE 2016 - MAY 2020
FREELANCE ENGLISH TEACHER 2012 - MAY 2016
  EDUCATION
Network and communication
7.0/10.0
 WORK EXPERIENCE
Recruiter/Technical Recruitment Support
Main responsibilities:
 - Work for enterprise clients for USA: Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Expedia,Hasbro,
Staples, GoPro, United Airlines... Various fields include:software development, system,
network, security, marketing, human resources, graphic...
- Sourcing candidates through creative search strategies including: web searches,
LinkedIn, and Online database
- Professional in using recruitment tools: Dice.com, Monster.com, Careerbuilder.com,
Linkedin, Indeed...
- Good knowledge of the way to find contact information of candidates through online
tools. 
- Good communication with US recruiters by discussing and giving solutions for all
about the jobs via Skype or Emails.
-Receiving recruitment needs from Company, making recruitment plans. Coordinate
and organize the implementation of those plans.
- Analyze profile, screen and select a list of candidates after the interview.
- Ability to generate a high volume and high quality resumes under very tight timelines.
- Doing report to Line Manager weekly to control the quantity and quality of job.
Accumulated experiences:
- Knowing how to analyst the requirements to win the cases.
-Planning the way to attract candidates, providing suitable salary as well as benefits
from Client to candidates.
-Familiar with technical - non technical skills through a wide range of jobs.
-The number of connections is very large in order to find many suitable candidates for
each type of jobs.
-Using MS Offices to serve the present job. 
English Teacher / Staff
Main responsibilities:
- Advising student on career issues.
- Organizing and delivering classroom lectures to students.
- Evaluating a students' class work and assignments.
- Preparing classroom and coursework materials, homework assignments, and
handouts.
- Recording and maintain accurate student attendance records and grades.
- Catch the trend in the way of teaching to let the class study lively.
Accumulated experiences:
Team Work
Sourcing & Screening
INTERESTS
Traveling
Music
Reading Books
IELTS Certification 6.0 2017
BLOOD DONATION CENTER
HARVEYNASH VIETNAM 2016 - 2020
CHARITY WORKS
-Know how to integrate with students.
-Fluent in online and real admissions jobs, using some channels as Facebook, Youtube,
online forums to post the news.
- Advice courses for parents include time, school fee, teachers....
-Use excel to make schedules and monthly reports.
 ACHIEVEMENTS
- Scored nearly 10 placements/ year for US market.
- Won submissions for each postitions by Clients.
- Studied foreign woking styles and cultures to deal with. 
- Learned the flexibility to win in working environment.
 CERTIFICATIONS
 ACTIVITIES
Volunteer
Volunteer in blood donation once each year at some Blood donation Centers.
Member
Performance dancing in the special days was organized by Company.
Member
Doing charity with volunteer groups in society and by my own family.
