
Xem CV Online của Luong thi thu thao
LUONG THI THU THAO
Legal Executive
 April 2, 1996
 Female
 0347538781
 luongthithuthao96@gmail.com
 Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi Minh
City,  Vietnam
OBJECTIVE
As a careful, energetic, and
progressive person, I am currently
looking for a full-time position in a
more challenging environment to gain
experience for future advancement. I
hope that with my youth and positive
energy, I can contribute to the
company's success.
SKILLS
Communication
Logical thinking and creative
Responsibility
Computer
INTERESTS
Reading book
Travel
Listen music
HO CHI MINH UNIVERSITY OF LAW 2014 - 2018
WEGEN ENERGY LTD., MAR 2019 - PRESENT
ABC VIRTUAL COMMUNICATIONS INC AUG 2018 - MAR 2019
TALENTNET CORPORATION MAR 2018 - AUG 2018
  EDUCATION
 WORK EXPERIENCE
WeGen Energy, the investment company on solar energy rooftop has subsidiaries in
Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam. WeGen bases on optimizing renewable energy sources
combined with electricity storage systems and DER management software to provide the
energy solution for all scales of use from households to industrial, commercial.
Legal Executive
1. Legal Executive
- Prepare, draft, revise, review and/or provide comments on all documents, agreements,
templates and/or other documentation of the Company (including Sales Contracts, MOU,
NDA, Business Corporation Contract, Lease Contracts,…);
- Translate contracts and other materials into English or Vietnamese; 
- Handle documents and procedures related to IC, ERC, visa for foreigner;
- Participate in Due Diligence related to investment projects;
- Legal update; research, analyze and provide legal advice on activities as well as the business
and operations of the company;
- Prepare the Minutes of internal meetings in the company.
2. CEO's Assistant
- Coordinate with the professional departments to prepare required documents;
- Receive and check documents from departments before submitting them to the CEO's
signature;
- Communicate information of the Director to relevant departments and report to CEO;
- Support booking air tickets, accommodation, and pay expenses for the CEO;
- Perform the task required by CEO.
ABC Virtual has a representative office in District 3, Ho Chi Minh city. The core strengths
include Payment Gateway Services and Integration, IT Outsourcing, Hosting Providers and
Data Centers.
HR Executive
- Design and implement overall recruiting strategy;
- Search CVs and transferring them into the company’s standard form;
- Develop and update job descriptions and job specifications;
- Conduct interviews using various reliable recruiting and selection tools/methods to filter
candidates within schedule. Assess applicants’ relevant knowledge, skills, soft skills,
experience aptitudes;
- Onboard new employees in order to become fully integrated Monitor and apply HR recruiting
best practices;
- Provide analytical and well documented recruiting reports to the rest of the team;
- Assist in HR and admin tasks related to store operation.
Talentnet is the leading HR consulting firm in the country, with nearly 20 years of experience
in the local labour market through professional HR solutions designed to meet the diverse
needs of Vietnamese and international clients.
Intern
- Support in attendance registration data;
- Manage social insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance ensure to do it under
Vietnam insurance law;
- Consultant to labor about salary and benefit;
- Receive and update daily legal documents under the law (special about Labor Law);
TOEIC Certificate with score 600 2018
Nguyen Hoang Quan Nuong
HR Director of WeGen Energy
Email: nuong.nguyen@wegen-energy.com
Mobile: 0938919988
Truong Trong Thao
General Director of WeGen Energy
Email: thao.truong@wegen-energy.com
Mobile: 0908128710
- Make reports, health and unemployment statements monthly.
 CERTIFICATIONS
 REFERENCES
© topcv.vn
