
FINAL_PDF_NgMinhPhuong_MarComm_2020
NGUYEN MINH PHUONG 
(RICKY)
Marketing & Communication Specialist 
GENERAL INFORMATION
D.O.B:  01 Dec 1994 
Phone: 0913 090 768 
Email:  ricky.phuong.94@gmail.com
From:  Hanoi, Vietnam
EXPERTISE 
LANGUAGES 
SKILLS
Social Media Management 
Content Writing 
Multi-media Content Producing
Photography 
Event Management
Digital Marketing
Writing for multimedia
(Vietnamese & English) 
Photography
Graphic Design 
Video Shooting & Editing 
English: Fluent 
Korean: Intermediate
EDUCATION
2009 - 2012 
The Olympia Schools, Hanoi 
2012 - 2014
Queensland University of Technology,
Brisbane, Australia 
 
2014 - 2016 
RMIT University Vietnam, Hanoi. 
Bachelor in Professional Communication 
I am a passionate, creative and responsible content creator, an adult 
whose heart always stays young, a mixture of a dreamy and realistic 
person.  I am looking for opportunity to join a team with like-minded 
professionals & joyfully work together  
My portfolio: bit.ly/rickyphuongportfolio   
WORK EXPERIENCES 
ABOUT 
MARRKETING TEAM LEAD | APU INT’ SCHOOL       
 Dec 2019 - Aug 2020, Danang
Managing work flow within the team (3 members) 
Planning contents for Facebook, websites & other media channels
Coordinating all marketing campaigns with partner agencies
Producing creative contents: writings, videos, photos,... 
Planning intergrated communication campaigns to recruit students 
with emphasis on digital marketing. 
INTERNAL COMMUNICATION OFFICER | SUN* INC                
 Oct 2018 - Dec 2019, Danang
Producing creative contents for Sun* media channels (text, videos, 
photos, offline publication, printed materials) 
Event management: teambuildings, workshops, online events, gala 
dinners, company trips for 200+ pax 
Reporting for the internal news publication 
Assisted planning for company’s new policies’ implementation
Shooting videos & photos for events.  
MARKETING OFFICER | APU INT’ SCHOOL                 
 Aug 2017 - Aug 2018, Danang
Producing creative contents for the school’s media channels 
Shooting videos & photos 
THE HAN HOTEL | GENERAL MANAGER                   
 Aug 2016 - Sep 2018, Self-employed, Danang
Setting up the hotels operation systems & marketing systems
Creating The Han brand identity & setting up its branding guidelines
Participating in sales & customer service activities 
General managing the hotel’s operation
CONTENT WRITER | BEAU AGENCY                    
 Jan 2019 - Present, Freelance, Hanoi
Writing contents on orders: Facebook, landing page contents,...
Phuong Nguyen (Ricky)  
Email: ricky.phuong.94@gmail.com 
Phone: 0913090768 
 
To whom it may concern, 
My name is Nguyen Minh Phuong, a Marketing Communication Specialist who is actively looking for 
opportunities to work in Ho Chi Minh City. Please find attached my CV, and the portfolio of the 
marketing & communications projects that I have completed here: 
- CV: https://bit.ly/rp2020resume 
- Portfolio: https://bit.ly/rickyphuongportfolio  
After graduating from RMIT Vietnam with a Bachelor in Professional Communications, I have spent the 
last 4 years working in the field of Marketing Communications in various industries as well as 
participating in multiple freelance projects for agencies; hence, my solid expertise at managing social 
media channels, plan & coordinate IMC campaigns as well as creating multimedia bilingual content 
(writing, video production, design, images) for different communication channels, and event 
organization skills.  
My strength lies in Content Production with excellent writing skills and visual materials producing skills 
including photography, videography, and basic design. I can proficiently use Adobe programs such as 
Photoshop, Illustrator and Premiere Pro. Furthermore, as stated above, I have coordinated multiple IMC 
campaigns and managing various media channels as most of my work experiences are on the clients’ 
side. In terms of Event Management, I also had experienced organising and leading numerous events of 
different scales, including office-based internal activities to large-scaled commercial concerts.  
Furthermore, the experiences living in many cities in Vietnam and around the world also helps me adapt 
very quickly in any environment, develop quick self-study skills, signify my flexibility and communication 
abilities, as well as provide me with teamwork skills and the ability to balance internal cross-team 
relationships to achieve the best work efficiency.  
If I am given an opportunity, I believe I could be a strong addition to your team with my dedication, the 
urge to grow and my responsibility. Thank you for taking your time to review my profile. I am available 
at your convenience for interviews and job discussions and can be contacted via my email address at 
ricky.phuong.94@gmail.com and my phone number +84913090768. 
  
Once again, thank you and I wish you a working day full of joy and happiness! 
With warm regards,  
Phuong Nguyen  
 
mailto:ricky.phuong.94@gmail.com
https://bit.ly/rp2020resume
https://bit.ly/rickyphuongportfolio
