
Tung Nguyen - CEO
Tel.: +84 367084361
Hai Long Pham, Marketing Executive
; Email: hailongpham3012@gmail.com, DOB: 30/12/2000, Addr.: Long Bien, Hanoi
 
PROFILE Fluent in English and experienced working for international IT businesses that specialize in FinTech &
Ecommerce (AI & Shopity). High commitmentto learn, work and growin marketing and business professions.
Good communicationskills, both written and verbally. Able to workwell independently and as a group member.
Goodintegration abilityallows for coping with pressure and newenvironments.
 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Nov2020 —Jan 2020
Apr 2020 — Sep 2020
Oct 2019 —Apr 2020
Product Marketing Executive, Nexus Frontier Tech Hanoi
Write various forms ofcontent to support productactivation, from website, blog articles, social media posts, ad
copies, email marketing campaigns, brochures, case studies to white papers.
Perform market research in finance, technology and otherrelated fields. Perform keyword& target customer
research to assist with SEO and advertising practices.
Playa crucial role in re-branding the company's core product, plan and coordinate with marketing & sales to
launch a new solution. Work with different teams stationed in Singapore, Japan & the UK.
Marketing Executive, Hamsa Technologies Hanoi
Perform market research and assist in various product developmenttasks.
Craft content including blogarticles, social media posts & email automation. Perform on-page SEO andseeding
tor said content.
Execute advertising campaigns using Google Ads and Shopify Ads. Assist graphic designers in creating logos,
banners andrelated media publications. Manage the company's social media.
Compile and analyze data and develop plans for future marketing campaigns. Contribute to the launch of02
Shopifyapps in both marketing & developmentarea.
Marketing & Copywriting Associate, Do Creative Hanoi
Develop and implement marketing content, ideas & projects to support the clients’ needs and objectives.
Perform market research, data management & documenttranslation using various applications and tools.
Manage clients’ and the company’s social media presence and basic Facebook advertising.
Assist with the company’s dailyactivities and other ad hoctasks as required.
 
EDUCATION
Oct 2016 —Aug 2019 Bachelor of Business in Marketing and International Business, Singapore
Murdoch University
A 3-year double-major bachelor degree program at one ofthe best universities in the world. Graduated at 18 years
old.
The program provided fundamental knowledgeofinternational marketing and businesses through 24 modules,
taught by acclaimed professors and successful business professionals.
 
 
SKILLS Microsoft Office/G Suite Expert Email Marketing Expert
Marketing Research Expert Google, FB & LinkedIn Ads Skillful
Content Marketing Expert SEO/SEM Skillful
Marketing Strategy Experienced CRM (Freshsales, Hubspot) Experienced
Data Analysis Skillful Social Media Management Experienced
REFERENCES
Available upon request
df Ww Ww
Available upon requestTung Nguyen - CEO - Hamsa Technologies
Tiffany Moore - Global Marketing Manager - Nexus Frontier Tech 
Tung Nguyen - CEO - Hamsa Technologies
Available upon request
Available upon request
