
Xem CV Online của TRAN THANH NGAN
UNIVERSITY OF NATURAL SCIENCE OCT 2009 - MAY 2014
CARP TECH CORPORATION JUN 2018 - PRESENT
IDB TECHNOLOGY VIET NAM FEB 2016 - MAY 2018
2018 - PRESENT
AEON PHASE 2 Project:
- Project description: AEON PHASE 2 is a project that manages the personnel recruitment
channel phase 2. Helps effectively manage the recruitment and recruitment process.
- Responsibilities:
 + Designing and implementing new features as assigned.
 + Join team to work on improving and optimize system performance.
- Technologies:
 + MS SQL Server
 + ASP .NET Core 
 + Angularjs
 + Kendo UI
Objective
Putting knowledge and experience on information technology skills and knowledge of related
areas into practice to become a professional employee, bringing much value to the Company.
 Education
Major: Information Technology
 Work Experience
Developer
- Accountability:
 + Full-stack.   
 + Web interface design, Responsive design mobile.    
 + Functional programming. 
- Tools: Visual Studio Code 2019, Visual Studio 2019, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Sourcetree,
GitLab.
- Programming language: Html5, Css3, Bootstrap 4, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 2+,
Asp.Net Core.
- Position: employees
Developer
- Accountability:
 + Front-end.    
 + Web interface design, Responsive design mobile.    
 + Functional programming.    
 + Analyzing and designing Database.
- Tools: Visual Studio 2015, SQLyog, MS SQL Server,  IntelliJ IDEA, Sourcetree, Photoshop CC
2014, Bitbucket.
- Programming language: Html, Css3, Bootstrap 3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Java, Asp.Net.
- Position: employees
 PROJECTS
 September 19, 1991
 Male
 0868806665
 tranthanhngan199@gmail.co
m
 HoChiMinh, Vietnam
SKILLS
Office
Public Speaking
INTERESTS
Music
Travel
TRAN THANH NGANTRAN THANH NGAN
DEVELOPER
GIC-BC Project:
- Project description: GIC-BC is the insurance sale management website for GIC’s partners,
helping multiple partners to access a unified website. Support payment through gateways
such as Onepay, Momo,.. or upload statements.
- Responsibilities:
 + Designing and implementing new features as assigned.
 + Join team to work on improving and optimize system performance.
 + Work with data analysts and managers to help create custom type of reports according to
specific business requirements.
- Technologies:
 + MS SQL Server
 + ASP .NET Core 2
 + Angular 7
 + Ng-zorro (Ant Design of Angular)
DASH Project:
- Project description: DASH is a web application that uses raw testing data from
NETGEAR/ARLO Company to create reports, and summary data. This helps data analysts
and managers to have an overview about what are happening and make informed decisions.
- Responsibilities: 
 + Migrate existing web application to new platform
 + Join team to work on improving and optimize system performance
 + Work with data analysts and managers to help create custom type of reports according to
specific business requirements
- Technologies:
 + MS SQL Server
 + ASP .NET Core 2
 + Bootstrap 4
 + Angular 7
EVERGROWTH FARM Project:
- Project description: Evergrowth farm is a large scale dairy farm management solution.
Provides optimal solutions for performance statistics of milk production, parity, breeding
cycles and herd diets. Strict management of animal nutrition.
- Responsibilities:
 + Work with client to analyze requirements.
 + Designing and implementing new features as assigned.
 + Reviewing and estimating specs.
- Technologies: 
 + JAVA.
 + JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap 3.
 + AngularJS.
 + MySQL.
2016 - 2018
Switchboard Project:
- Project description: Switchboard is an open standard IP PBX project based on software
that provides a complete Unified Communications solution, which can be used immediately
after installation. 3CX makes the installation, management, and maintenance of IP PBX so
easy that you can manage it yourself with no effort, whether on a device or on a server, on-
site or in-house, your cloud account.
- Responsibilities:
 + Taking requests from customers. 
 + Designing and implementing modules assigned. 
 + Build manager. 
 + Reviewing and estimating specs. 
 + Migrate data from the old system into new one. 
- Technologies:
 + C# ASP.NET core 2.2. 
 + JavaScript, CSS, HTML.
 + Responsive Design.
 + MS SQL Server 2012.
IMS Project:
- Project description: IMS is a system for small and medium companies to manage
inventories and products. With IMS, users can quickly and thoroughly manage and track the
status of every product in their company’s inventories with orders, customers and reports.
Each product can be imported to the system by a smart phone or a barcode scanner.
- Responsibilities:
 + Design and develop main features of system as assigned.
 + Reviewing and estimating specs.
- Technologies: 
 + C#, ASP .NET MVC. 
 + JavaScript/jQuery, CSS3, HTML5.
TRACKER Project:
- Project description: Regulatory Tracker is a powerful software solution that offers a
central, Web-based data repository for global product registration information — allowing
users to flexibly manage information in a centralized, decentralized or hybrid model and to
simplify data entry for new registration information. Through Tracker, users can quickly and
thoroughly manage and track the status of every product in their company’s global life
science portfolio.
- Responsibilities:
 + Work with other team members for the task of improving system performance.
 + Maintenance of current systemo Redesign some features which cause confusion to users
when using the system.
 + Designing and implementing modules as assigned.
 + Reviewing and estimating specs.
- Technologies: 
 + C# ASP .NET MVC .
 + JavaScript/jQuery, CSS, HTML.
 PERSONAL SUMMARY
- More than 3 years experiences in IT industry (with over 2 years of experiences working on
Angular and .NET development). 
- Strong experience working with web application development technologies, including: C#,
JAVA, .NET, .NET Framework, MVC, Web API, Angular 7. 
- Very good knowledge of HTML5/CSS3/Bootstrap 4/Javascript and other Javascript
Frameworks. 
- Experience with front-end development and design. 
- Good knowledge and understanding of Object-Oriented Programming and Designs. 
- Experience working with database system: MS SQL, MySQL. 
- Experience working with Git, Source Tree, Bitbucket, FileZilla.
- Skills to work independently or in a team, enthusiastic, hardworking, patient and eager to
learn, work hard.
- Care skills and support for multi-channel customers (phone, zopim, ...).
© topcv.vn
