
Xem CV Online của Trương Trần Vỹ
may 2016 - now Ton Duc Thang University
Major: Computer Science
CPA: 2.8/4
May 2016 - now Ton Duc Thang University
General knowledge
- I have Learned machine learning models like:  decision tree, k-NN, k-
mean, SVM, linear regression, naive bayes, neural network, RNN,
GRU, LSTM ... 
- I have also had knowledge of natural language processing and a little
bit of image processing : 
      Natural language processing : word representation (worc2vec,
fastText ,glove, elmo),  linguistic feature(subword, morphology, lemma
POS tagging), word segmentation, language models
- I got some knowledge in CS246 (mining massive datasets): measure
distance, recommendation system, some algorithm with graph and
clustering.
- i am usually using sklearn, keras for creating learning model and
numpy, pandas, stanza, pyvi, nltk, gensim, keras, tenserflow,opencv
and tools relevant NLP for pre-processing data.
- All of things above , i use python to complete them,1 year python
experience .
Ton Duc Thang University
Assignments , Projects and Experrience
Trương Trần Vỹ
Internship - Data Scientist
Date of birth:  May 7, 1998
Gender:  Male
Phone:  0943573731
Email:  ttvy.tdtu@gmail.com
Address:  HCM, Vietnam
Website:  https://www.facebook.com/ttv7598/
INTRODUCTION
-  i am a last year Computer Science student and graduate on july 2020. I also studying master program at Ton
Duc Thang University. 
- Especially, i passionate about learning new technique . I really love a job which can improve my skills and
knowledge  . 
 - i am able to read and understand english documents,papers . I think that my searching skills is the best which
help me solve any problems  
-  i am looking for a company can give me challenges to try my abilities.
EDUCATION
EXPERIENCE
- Mail spam detection, with english emails , naive bayes model, and get the result with f1 score is 0.95
- POS tagging , coding from scratch , dataset is vietnamese document and  provided by my teacher,
using hidden markov model with viterbi algorithm, the result is 94.5 F1 score
-  Sentence classification , dataset is vietnamese (sentence,what the sentence is asking), it is made by my
classs, pre-processing with remove stop words, execute lemme, word sementation, model is SVM, the result
with 81 F1 score.
- I reimplement 'Sequence to Sequence Learning with Neural Networks' with english-vietnemese dataset ,
encode-decode model and get the result with 28,45 BLEU socre.
- I reimplement ' Effective Approaches to Attention-based Neural Machine Translation' english-vietnemese
dataset, soft-attention model combined with linguistic feature(lemma) in vector word, and get the result with
30,2 BLEU socre.
- I reimplement 'Residual Attention Network for Image Classification'
dogs and cats dataset, Residual Attention model ( Stacked network structure,Attention Residual
Learning, Bottom-up top-down feedforward attention ), and get the result with 83.5%
- NER, dataset is invoices (30 samples) BiLSTM+CRF model, result with 24.5 F1 score
2019 TOEIC Certificate with score 675 , VUS pre-itels
Language basic writing, speaking , listening, reading
CERTIFICATIONS
SKILLS
© topcv.vn
	INTRODUCTION
	EDUCATION
	EXPERIENCE
	CERTIFICATIONS
	SKILLS
