
Ngoc Nguyen
C O N T A C T  I N F O R M A T I O N
(+84) 096 385 3068
ngbichngoc.hmu@gmail.com
12 Van Huong, Hang Bot
Dong Da, Ton Duc Thang, Hanoi
Worked with accounting and management team to set
budgets, monitor spending, processing payroll and other
expenses.
Planned, scheduled, and promoted office events,
including meetings, conferences, and training sessions.
Constructed tender documents 
Sale Admin - IDSMed Vietnam Medical System
January 2020 - May 2020 | Ho Chi Minh City
P E R S O N A L  P R O F I L E
I'm a self-motivated medical graduate who has extensive
knowledge in clinical research. Moreover, I prefer to help
everyone to prevent and treat disease through article.
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
Worked on several projects from conceptualization to
delivery. Conducted reports and analysis
Wrote SEO articles
Writer Freelance
Jun 2020 - July 2020 | Hanoi
Nguyen Bich Ngoc
MY EXPERTISE
Clinical Reseach 
Ability Work Independently and
Team Well 
Excellent Organization and
Time Management
Read and Translate Medical
Document in English
 
L A N G U A G E S
Vietnamese: Native
English: Intermediate
Supported administrative procedures.
Acted as member of the project: Assessment quality of
life in the brain cancer patient after gamma treated.
Medical Secretary - Bach Mai Hospital
October 2019 - December 2019 | Hanoi
EDUCATIONAL HISTORY
GPA: 3.3/5
TOEFL ITP: 483
Bachelor Nursing in Advance
Program- Hanoi Medical
University
September 2012 - March 2017
Proactively find and translate medical news
Translator Collaborator - VnExpress
August 2020 - Present | Hanoi
Supported in administrative and process of clinical study
according to protocol and ICH-GCP
Coded, evaluated, interpret collected study data
Recorded adverse event, side effect, severe adverse event
and confer with investigator to oversight agencies.
Clinical Trial Experience: 3 interventional study, phase III;
(2 oncology project and 1 neurology project) support one
audit project, support two projects on the closing period.
Clinical Research - Big Leap Research JSC
March 2018 - March 2019 | Hanoi
Responsible for the eye vision test
Took care of the foreign patients: register, assess, assist
surgery,consult, guide taking medicine
Conducted medical report form for foreign clients
Foreign Nursing - Japan International Eye Hospital
June 2017 - March 2018 | Hanoi
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S  &  C O U R S E S
Participated in the emergency medicine team.
University of Nebraska Medical Center
November 2015
Participated with Sweden students. Achieved Study of the
global health pattern and health determinants.
Global Health Course In Vietnam
January 2016
Participated in Marketing Foundation course.
Tomorrow Marketers Academy
May 2020
Supported in administrative and process of clinical study
according to protocol and ICH-GCP
Coded, evaluated, interpret collected study data
Recorded adverse event, side effect, severe adverse event
and confer with investigator to oversight agencies. 
Clinical Trial Experience: 2 intervention studies, phase III
(hepato-cellular carcinoma oncology project and  stroke
project)
Clinical Research - Medplus1 JSC
March 2019 - September 2019 | Hanoi
