
DuyTrungCV 
[1/4] 
 
 
TRUNG, NGHIEM DUY 
PROJECT MANAGER 
[addr] Linh Dam, Hoang Liet, Hoang Mai, Hanoi 
[tel] 0975 752 408 
[email] duytrung17@gmail.com 
[web] bit.ly/duytrung 
ABOUT ME 
 Enthusiastically, actively and able to work under pressure. 
 A humorous, inventive person, eagerness to learn new technologies and readiness to face new 
challenges. 
 Assertively, responsibly and reliably. 
EXPERIENCE 
VINSOFTWARE [VINGROUP] Mar ’19 - Present 
Business Analyst | Product Owner | Project Manager 
 Collect, elicit requirements from stakeholders; Forecast, analyze, consult, propose solutions and 
functions. 
 Prepare general plan and define the budget of project; Create checklist, detail Gantt chart 
timeline along with sprints. 
 Make business requirements documents, project evaluation documents; Draw business flows, 
create wireframes of system and design database. 
 Define SOW and break down into Epics, Features, User Stories, Tasks, collaborate with 
development team to manage in sprints in Agile method - Scrum framework projects. 
 Program in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap library. 
 Connect remotely to server via BT PAM to query and update database. 
 Write test scenarios and cases, then test the systems. 
 Hold meetings with stakeholders, manage CRs; Supervise and organize team meetings 
periodically to evaluate the project progress, resolve issues and propose solutions. 
 Create user manuals, presentations, make videos to instruct users. Organize UAT and training 
sessions. 
Projects: 
1. Internal e-commerce | Business Analyst 
Description: A website to sell products of Vingroup for employees only. Currently, I’m operating this 
website as well. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Joined the meetings with stakeholders, gathered and analysed requirements and change 
requests. 
 Created diagram flows, finalized the timeline of each phase of development. 
mailto:duytrung17@gmail.com
DuyTrungCV 
[2/4] 
 
 Wrote test cases and tested the system. 
2. Human Resource Portal | Business Analyst 
Description: An internal gateway for employees to access HR-related information, for HR-staff and 
management to manage and approve some activities of employees. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Dealed with stakeholders, key users, and vendors about issues and proposed the solutions. 
 Coordinated with team members to implement the assigned tasks and program logic. 
 Wrote test cases and tested the system. 
 Created user manual and clips to instruct users. 
 Held meetings, UAT and training sessions. 
3. Bulletin Board of Saba Training Information | Business Analyst 
Description: A bulletin board for employees to access training information, that was synchronized 
from Saba platform. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Communicated to stakeholders regularly, gathered and analysed data. 
 Learned to understand the analytic reports and operation of Saba platform. 
 Coordinated with team members to implement the assigned tasks and program logic. 
 Wrote test cases and tested the system, organized the UAT sessions. 
 Created user manual, presentation, make videos to instruct users, and organized training 
session. 
4. Charitable Donation Management System | Product Owner/Project Manager 
Description: A web-based platform for KHF to manage the information of people those facing 
difficult circumstances, included 3 independent modules. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Organized meetings with stakeholders to collect, elicit requirements. 
 Analyzed and proposed business process. 
 Defined scope of project, broke into tasks to determine budget to deal with stakeholders. 
 Created flow diagram and business requirement documents. 
 Designed wireframes and system database. 
 Created user stories and managed in Sprints as this project was being developed with Scrum 
framework.  
 Coordinated with team members to implement the assigned tasks and program logic. 
 Programmed HTML, CSS, JS to restyle the screens. 
 Held team meetings periodically to evaluate the project progress, resolve issues and propose 
solutions. 
 Create user manuals, presentations. 
 Organized UAT and training sessions. 
5. Vinschool Mobile App | Project Manager 
Description: A mobile-portal with CMS to manage learning information and other activities of pupils 
for Vinschool. The project is in requirements analysis phase. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Held meetings with stakeholders to gather, elicit and analyse requirements. 
 Defined scope of project, broke into tasks to determine budget to deal with stakeholders. 
 Created flow diagram and designed wireframes. 
DuyTrungCV 
[3/4] 
 
6. Assets Management App | Project Manager 
Description: A mobile app to manage assets of Vinschool. This project is in requirements analysis 
phase. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Held meetings with stakeholders to gather, elicit and analyse requirements. 
 Defined scope of project, broke into tasks to determine budget to deal with stakeholders. 
7. Training Management | Project Manager 
Description: A Vinsmart’s project to manage training information of partners. This project is in 
requirements analysis phase. 
Achievements/Tasks: 
 Communicated with stakeholders to clarify, elicit and analyse requirements. 
 Defined scope of project, broke into tasks to determine budget to deal with stakeholders. 
 
TECHMASTER  Aug ‘18 - Feb ‘19 
Back End Developer 
 Programmed in Golang, postgreSQL database in project code123 that implemented micro-
services architecture, Agile method - Scrum framework. 
 Proficiency working in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, basic knowledge of Nuxt.js, 
Vue.js. 
 Good understanding of UI/UX design.  
 Knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithms, database design. 
 
IDVN LAWYERS    Oct ‘16 - Jul ‘18 
Data/Trade Analyst 
Summarized and analyzed data independently/with a team and foreign specialists in international 
trade lawsuits, such as anti-circumvention (Corrosion-Resistant Steel Products from the PRC), 
antidumping and countervailing duty (Laminated Woven Sacks). 
Analyzed data and evaluated in the lawsuits and disputes involving banks and enterprises. 
 
STATE AUDIT OFFICE  Jul ‘08 - Sep ‘16 
Auditor  
Examined accounting records, audited financial statements, total budget revenues/ expenditures at 
financial departments, tax departments, customs departments, state treasury. Summarized 
documents, data to create audit minutes, audit report. Led a team to survey, collect documents, make 
plans and audit. 
 
AGRIBANK     Feb ‘07 - Dec ‘07 
Accountant  
Performed transactions with customers. Proficient in using Excel functions and VBA to summarize 
data. 
DuyTrungCV 
[4/4] 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 Familiar in working with Windows, Linux, Mac OS. 
 Support tools: 
 Design: Photoshop, Balsamiq, Figma, Visio, Lucidchart, Mindmap 
 Plan: Jira, Excel, Project, Teams 
 Document and Present: Word, PowerPoint 
 Database: Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL Workbench 
 Program: Git, Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio 
SOFT SKILLS 
 Manage multiple projects at once. 
 Lead and motivate team to progress projects, resolve conflicts and boost team spirit. 
 Deal with clients on an appropriate schedule and SOW. 
 Control risk and time management. 
 Communication and problem-solving. 
ENGLISH 
Listening  
Speaking 
Reading 
Writing 
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION 
iPMac Networking Academy | Hanoi Jan ‘07 
CCNA | Score 961/1000 
Banking Academy | Hanoi ’02 - ‘06 
Bachelor of Finance and Banking 
CAREER OBJECTIVES 
 Researching to have knowledge of technology trends. 
 Cultivating specialized knowledge, work experience and developing skills. 
 To work in a dynamic, professional environment. 
 Looking forward to a long and successful work with opportunities for advancement, welfare policy 
and attractive income. 
REFERENCES 
Available upon request. 
 
