
Nguyen Thi Cam Nhu - Sales Manager - CV
Sales-oriented
Good selling skills
High sense of responsibility
Strong business development skill,
customer relationship
Ability to thrive under pressure to
achieve assigned KPI
Excellent communication skills in
Vietnamese & English
Strong valuable networks
Excellent communication skills
KEY COMPETENCIES
DOB: 22/04/1988
Phone: 0918 070 370
Address:  District 12, HCMC
Email: nguyencamnhu@gmail.com
HUTECH UNIVERSITY| 2006 - 2011
CONTACT ME
EDUCATION 
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
ONESGROUP GROUP COMPANY
Manage the sales team & tele-marketing of the company and push the
team to complete the KPIs set out;
Manage customer data by CRM, divide and filter leads by region;
Manage and update customer information;
Calling to advise customers about Timeshare products;
Responding to customers' inquiries and complaints;
Building relationships with customers and research new customers;
Assist in recruiting human resources and developing new offices;
Training skills for staff to close sales.
Report to: CEO
Head of Sales & Telesales | Apr 2020 -  Now
With nearly 10 years working experience in Hospitality field, especially
focus  on Sales and Business Development, I am seeking a challenging
position that will utilize my skills and experience to advance organizational
goals and my objectives. I am a challenge - taker, sales-oriented, highly
skilled at problem solving and have ability to thrive under pressure to
achieve assigned KPI . Besides, I always try my best to contribute to a
success of the company with all my abilities, strengths and skill sets.
 NHU NGUYEN
  S A L E S /  B D  M A N A G E R
WHY ME!
WORKING EXPERIENCE
PARAGON SAIGON HOTEL
Team leader of Corporate, TO& TAs Segments.
Making and present sales plan to BOD.
Contact with Corporate to present our products and contract dealing;
Issue and follow all the Corporate contracts.
Manage and take care the relationship with Corporate, TO& TAs.
Making customer research & development.
Support to contact with  the Corporate, TO& TAs to develop the
relationship with new accounts and take care old clients.
Problem solving if receiving any complaints or mistakes happened.
Inform news or new product information to clients and support their
needed.
Inspect new products or new services and escort clients.
Follow up target and report to GD.
Report to: CEO
Senior Sales Manager| Apr 2019 -  Mar 2020
Challenge taker
High EQ 
Integrity
Quick-witted
Open-minded
Self-directed
Result-oriented
Analytical-mind
HASHTAG MYSELF
Problem Solving
Active Listening
Objection Handling
Team Management
Follow up & Negotiation
Flexibility and Adaptability
Merperle Group 
Mrs. Nguyen Thi Thanh Lam
Director of Sales 
T: 0902508198
Dat Xanh Group 
Mr. Dang Chinh Thang
Deputy General Manager 
T: 094 8888 084
 SKILLS
ACHIEVEMENT & AWARD
WORKING EXPERIENCE NHU NGUYEN
SALES/ BD MANAGER
EASTIN GRAND HOTEL SAIGON
Be a team leader of Corporate Segment and in charge of B2B customers.
Follow up target and report to SDOS, make and present sales plan.
Contact with Corporate to present our products and contract dealing.
Issue and follow all the Corporate contracts.
Manage and take care the relationship with Corporate (B2B)
Make customer research & development.
Contact, close deal with co-operate partners, foreigner managers and
build up relationships.
Deal, put the flyer and the brochure to promote.
Issue and follow up promotion programs. 
Join events to promote and build up relationship with the Partners.
Contact with  the Corporate to develop the relationships and find more
new accounts and take care old accounts.
Problem solving if receiving any complains or mistakes happened. 
Inform news or new product information to clients and support their
needed, inspect new product or new services and escort clients.
Report to: Senior Director of Sales
Senior Sales Manager| Oct 2018 -  Apr 2019
PARAGON SAIGON HOTEL 
Report to: Director of Sales Marketing (DOSM)
Make and present sales plan to BOD
Contact with Corporate to present our products and close deals.
Issue and follow all the Corporate contracts.
Manage and take care the relationship with Corporate.
Make customer research & development.
Contact and dealing with co-operate partners.
Issue and follow all the Co-operations.
Manage and take care the relationship with Co-operate.
Issue contracts and follow up contract  of TA in HCM city.
Deal to put the flyer and the brochure in clients's company to promote. 
Issue and follow up promotion programs.
Joining networking events to promote and build up relationship with
clients, friends, and networks.
Strong support to contact with TAs and TOs  to develop  the relationship
new account and take care old account.
Problem solving if any complaints or mistakes happend.
Inform news or new product information and support client's needed
Inspect new product or new services and escort clients
Sales Manager| Oct 2015 -  Oct 2018
WORKING EXPERIENCENHU NGUYEN
SALES/ BD MANAGER
MERPERLE GROUP
MerPerle Resorts & Hotels group (includes Hon Tam Island resort,
MerPerle Seasun Hotel, MerPerle Sparkling Waves, Crystal Palace at
the Phu My Hung)
Be responsible for sale target monthly, quarterly and entire year.  Be
together with Director of Sales to plan, execute strategy and set target.
Actively prospect new customers, invite customer to the center. To work
with Corporate,  TOTAs.
Provide feedbacks to Director of Sales to continuously improve services in
hotel
Be aware and familiar of the market and competitor offering so any
objections can be overcome
Handle Corporate market and direct guest. Perform at least 10 sales-calls
daily, 50 sale-calls weekly.
Handle room reservations and course through Sales Office. Handle
Banquet enquiries and course through Sales Office.
Research/ update and report upon market trends as well as market
intelligence.
Sale events, rooms, wedding at Crystal Palace the pre-opening
Report to: Group Director of Sales Marketing
Sales Manager| March 2013 -  Oct 2015
DAT XANH GROUP
Specialized in real estate business.
Dealing directly with customers to introduce and sell the real estate.
Search and customer care.
Perform tasks related to contracts and payments.
Gathering information about customers, markets to build a database for
the Sales Department.
Completion of the targets assigned to revenue, customers and products.
Report to: Sales Director
Sales Manager| Apr 2010 -  Mar 2013
CPM VIET NAM
Report to: Sales Manager
Event company, advertising, sales for projects
Advertising new products of the multinational corporation
Guaranteed revenue and the target assigned
Persuading customers to use new products
Collaborators with corporations such as Unilever, P&G, Schwarzkopf,
Nine West
Sales Executive | March 2006 -  Oct 2010
Merperle Group
Dat Xanh Group
      Mrs. Nguyen Thi Thanh Lam
      Director of Sales
      T: 0902508198
      Mr. Dang Chinh Thang
      Deputy General Manager
      T: 094 8888 084
REFFERENCES
Travelling
Reading
Cooking
Yoga
Vietnamese: Native Speaker
English : Business Conversation
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PP
 INTERESTS
LANGUAGE & OTHERS
